1. Checking version of Git installed:

  Command:
    git --version
  
2. Now let Git know who you are. This is important for version control systems, 
  as each Git commit uses this information:
    Command:
      git config --global user.name "w3schools-test"
      git config --global user.email "test@w3schools.com"
    
3. Initialize git

   Once you have navigated to the correct folder, you can initialize Git on that folder:
    Command:
      git init
    
4. Then we check the Git status and see if it is a part of our repo.

    Command:
      git status
      
5. As you are working, you may be adding, editing and removing files.
    But whenever you hit a milestone or finish a part of the work, 
    you should add the files to a Staging Environment.
    Staged files are files that are ready to be committed to the repository you are working on.
    
    Command:
      git add filename.txt
      git add --all
      
6. Adding commits keep track of our progress and changes as we work. 
    Git considers each commit change point or "save point".
    It is a point in the project you can go back to if you find a bug, 
    or want to make a change.
    
    Command:
      git commit -m "First Commit"
      ('-m' is for adding a message along with each commit)
      
    Command: commit and stage together
      git commit -a -m "First Commit"
      ('-a' is for stagging the files)
      
 7. GitHub repository configuration.
    The following command pecifies that you are adding a remote repository,
    with the specified URL, as an origin to your local Git repo.
 
    Command:
    git remote add origin https://github.com/soumadittya/github_learning.git
   
8. Now we are going to push our master branch to the origin url, and set it as the default remote branch.
   Note: There is no default branch in Git but the default branches can be set up in repositories like GitHub, GitLab, etc.
   
   Command:
   git push --set-upstream origin master

9. Now push our changes to our remote origin.

   Command:
   git push origin



      












